hello everyone with you archibald i would like
give your opinion prosthesis online and
sum up the week
now on your screens you see
gameplay of elder scrolls online which
recorded even during bad tested
it was a free weekend unfortunately
At the moment I do not have an account and both
this we will talk later and on
in fact this is not a full video
just the podcast just looked what
some people do as follows
they constantly post podcasts and
put on the video some of their
garrison gatherings or else
somewhere with 2 why am I worse
we will do the same but nevertheless
today we touch this wonderful
sensational mom lpg which at all
I hear nothing so she made a noise
and summarize the week
First of all I would like to have a good
rise on the fact that this game
previously distributed by subscription she
Itself then cost 2000 rubles, and even
subscription cost thousands of rubles a month
There are absolutely but transcendental numbers now.
she switched to play byte as guild
wars
say dress once and play how much
want and recently published prices in
russia and it just gave hospitals on
head because developers want for
her 4099 rubles and that the most fun that
this game really is and is not
completely free ie if you are her
buy something then you can not straight
so quite
play and not deny yourself anything
because the developers decided to leave
In addition, they donated more donat
I kiss the free-to-play system almost
only here free is that he
need to buy for four thousand one hundred rubles
account itself and then it will be necessary
buy some resources there and become
it does not matter and so the developers behind
elder scrolls online put themselves well
just the most greedy and greedy people
in the world I just did not imagine how
you can be so greedy people
Well, think about who we are in Russia
will buy mr p & g with donat and even
and for four thousand one hundred rubles I suppose they
developers will sit like that
and celebrate each newcomer
subscriber ie here they are sitting on
the first week one man worked well
i.e
bought the game one man they are
celebrating throwing a party
everything is good after a week is signed
second person and they are such hooray hooray
open champagne foam flies in all
hand then some employee
run collects this foam and sticks
back to the bottle because like me
spoke not greedy greedy and on all
save and want to scoop from all
maximum profit
actually it just doesn't fit
to my head lately to me
it seems that maybe people think we are
here we live in Russia as oligarchs
because for example, recently left the market
chevrolet and opel i.e. these companies
refuse to supply their cars
to Russia because of the unstable economy and
you know what is tsimes
the situation is that chevrolet takes off
release their most budget models
leave about some thread elite type
chevrolet camaro
and fun here is what all
chevrolet budget cars actually
you're not a chevrolet at all, but just d and under
another icon its simpler and different
budget cars
but that’s the essence of the whole
this cheap car class
carry away from our country leave
only luxury class and then consider
probably we ourselves are not at all
denied this race ready
lay there crazy billions for
chevrolet camaro which is stolen on
next day maybe they're all in
colluding with developer t with online
because well it's not really
Fits in my head like a 4100 game
rubles 4 thousand
oven with it is no rubles let's see
yourself now take a look at the screen in front
your gameplay tes online scum themselves for
what is there to pay 4100 rubles for this
palm tree
or this killed enemy for this
stunning quest to go from point a to
points b
or for the fact that during the passage
starting chief you are glasses at all
I got stuck, I managed to play and wow and
see the video and a lot of things to do
while it was loading and then I just
scored and overloaded
and she earned over four thousand one hundred
rubles situation sts online is something for
to the type of this foolish solar eclipse
you come out to see this think
you will often see such a black circle in the sky and
around him the rays of the sun are you such ah
what a beauty you look out on
the top of those eyes burns out this dream with nothing
I can't see you running looking for some
Sidi overshoe disc or through which you can
look at this eclipse lookin
see us some complete garbage and I think
what is this beauty 20 years still wait
maybe a little prettier will be like this
Sts online you pay 4100 rubles you think
Here is a normal game or then finish it
nothing is nothing but a hole in
gta 5 is asking for your pocket 2000
rubles for skyrim asking for thousands of rubles for
guild wars asking for one and a half thousand rubles
and all this if you fold it just turns out
1 t from online in which I do not know but for
4000 rubles well, it should have been
anything is better than playing without people
multiplayer online game in
which you want to do quests like in
skyrim around you running a bunch of people
doing a quest in Skyrim and all of you
run like skyrim only this low
roma unfinished mom lpg with closed
the world practically
and now some commentator already
runs to write your comment type
org what are you so low on the game if u
you do not have that kind of money do not touch
even to this game hands off go to
requiem online or some other
Allods and this one and do not touch so I can imagine
allow and all my friends can afford
let well ok buddy come on
if that's you you have such a lot of money on
screen my vmr wallet throw here 4099
rubles to test online
I play do a review for three weeks
full charge for in elite and lay out and
I prove to you that it is not worth 4100
rubles well, you are the main here to send
well, other than this week
nothing more interesting happened
so
totals of the week with orc end
fight on the channel put laik
trawl wali and throw 4100 rubles to tes
online and review will not take long
I'll even wait
I promise to check honestly for now